update zapier doc for future zapier zap release (#129)
mautic/mautic-documentation: pages/12.Plugins/20.Zapier/docs.en.md

## Requirements

> Zapier account. Free or Paid. [View Zapier pricing](https://zapier.com/pricing/).

Reviewer: Please use a link macro - see style guide: https://docs.mautic.org/en/home/contributing#links. The macro already exists at the bottom of the page so we should retain this.

```suggestion
Zapier account. Free or Paid. [View Zapier pricing][zapier-pricing].
```

## Installation

> There is no need to install any additional plugin to your Mautic instance. Zapier works with the API and webhooks already available within Mautic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no need to install any additional plugin. Zapier works with the API and webhooks already available within Mautic.
```

> ### Setup Oauth2 Authentication in Mautic for Zapier 3.x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Set up OAuth2 Authentication in Mautic for Zapier 3.x
```

> This new version of the app improves authentication by implementing the Oauth2 protocol

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This new version of the app improves authentication by implementing the OAuth2 protocol
```

> 1. Open the admin menu	1. Open the admin menu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the admin menu
```

> 2. Go to Mautic's global configuration	2. Go to Mautic's global configuration > API Settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Go to Mautic's global configuration > API Settings
```

> 3. Go to API Settings	3. Set __API enabled?__ to __Yes__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Set __API enabled?__ to __Yes__.
```

> 4. Set __API enabled?__ to __Yes__.	4. Save the configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Save the configuration.
```

> 5. Set __Enable HTTP basic auth?__ to __Yes__.	5. Go to Mautic's global configuration > API Credentials > __Oauth2__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Go to Mautic's global configuration > API Credentials > __OAuth2__
```

> 6. Save the configuration.	6. Create new __Oauth2___ application with redirect URI: __tba__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Create new __OAuth2___ application with redirect URI: __example.com__
```

7. Copy Public Key and Secret Key of your created app

![How to enable the API](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/462477/74520415-cc616b00-4f17-11ea-8dbe-f6dd8a0a6cfc.png)

> ![How to enable API and basic auth](https://www.mautic.org/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/enable-api.png)	__Note__: **Refresh token lifetime (in days)**  means how many days need app to refresh token. If your app will not have any activity in that period, you have to re-authorize it again. 

Reviewer: Let's make the note look pretty 🤩  Reference: https://demo.hibbittsdesign.org/grav-learn2-git-sync/intermediate/overview#blue

```suggestion
![How to enable API and basic auth](https://www.mautic.org/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/enable-api.png)	

>>>>>**Refresh token lifetime (in days)**  means how many days needed before the app needs to refresh the token. If your app does not have any activity in that period, you have to re-authorize it again. 
```

> ![New Oauth2 application](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/462477/74520342-a1771700-4f17-11ea-866f-5be1c895f0f9.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![New OAuth2 application](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/462477/74520342-a1771700-4f17-11ea-866f-5be1c895f0f9.png)
```

## Requirements

Zapier account. Free or Paid. [View Zapier pricing][zapier-pricing].

## Installation

There is no need to install any additional plugin. Zapier works with the API and webhooks already available within Mautic.

### Set up OAuth2 Authentication in Mautic for Zapier 3.x

This new version of the app improves authentication by implementing the OAuth2 protocol

1. Open the admin menu
2. Go to Mautic's global configuration > API Settings
3. Set __API enabled?__ to __Yes__.
4. Save the configuration.
5. Go to Mautic's global configuration > API Credentials > __OAuth2__

> 6. Create new __OAuth2___ application with redirect URI: __example.com__

Reviewer: Where do they get the redirect URL - or is this the URL of their Mautic instance?

Author: It's Zapier giving it.
Example : https://zapier.com/dashboard/auth/oauth/return/App80678CLIAPI/

Reviewer: Ah, might be good to make that clear (eg redirect URL from Zapier)?

### 3. Authorize Mautic instance

> Once you choose to use Mautic integration you'll need to authorize your Mautic to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you choose to use Mautic integration you'll need to authorize your Mautic to use it.
```
